content/blog/2nd-post/index.mdx, before:

---
title: How to create monitoring environment using Prometheus and Grafana
date: "2019-10-22"
description: "A post showing MDX in action"
---

# This is a post showing MDX in action. This starter now comes with MDX out-of-the-box!

```js
console.log("Hello world")
alert("Hahahahaha")
// you can write JSX in your Markdown!

<button>test</button>
```

```bash{outputLines: 2-5,7}
ls
cd
sudo apt-get install nginx
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get upgrade
wget https://google.com
tar xzvf sdass.tar.gz
```

☣️☣️☣️☣️☣️

```java
System.out.println("Hello world");
List<String> testList = Lists.newArrayList();
```

<button class="bg-blue-500 hover:bg-blue-700 text-white py-2 px-4 rounded">
  Halo Button
</button>

## MDX

MDX lets you write JSX embedded inside markdown, perfect for technical blogs. MDX works with Gatsby through [gatsby-plugin-mdx](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/packages/gatsby-plugin-mdx/). You can learn more about it in the Gatsby docs: [Getting Started with MDX](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/mdx/getting-started/).

Commit message:

create toc component, make post and home layout responsive

content/blog/2nd-post/index.mdx, after:

---
title: How to create monitoring environment using Prometheus and Grafana
date: "2019-10-22"
description: "A post showing MDX in action"
---

Hello guys, today we are going to build grid layout with css

```js
console.log("Hello world")
alert("Hahahahaha")
// you can write JSX in your Markdown!

<button>test</button>
```

```bash{outputLines: 2-5,7}
ls
cd
sudo apt-get install nginx
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get upgrade
wget https://google.com
tar xzvf sdass.tar.gz
```

☣️☣️☣️☣️☣️

```java
System.out.println("Hello world");
List<String> testList = Lists.newArrayList();
```

<button class="bg-blue-500 hover:bg-blue-700 text-white py-2 px-4 rounded">
  Halo Button
</button>

## MDX

MDX lets you write JSX embedded inside markdown, perfect for technical blogs. MDX works with Gatsby through [gatsby-plugin-mdx](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/packages/gatsby-plugin-mdx/). You can learn more about it in the Gatsby docs: [Getting Started with MDX](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/mdx/getting-started/).
